okay so r-tx laptops are finally here
this is one of the more interesting ones
to me it's the GS 75 from MSI it's kind
of like the Big Brother to the GS 65
from last year those are really popular
device this is a machine that's running
an RT X 2080 max-q GPU and I'm just
gonna jump into performance because
that's probably what's most interesting
to you guys this GPU is pushing out
frame rates that honestly seemed
impossible for thin and light gaming
laptops it doesn't matter what you throw
at it it plays it really smoothly and
keep in mind this is a super thin gaming
laptop right it's not even nineteen
millimeters thick and if you compare
this to the previous generation of GPUs
this is about 15 percent faster than
last year's 1080 max-q and about 25
maybe 30 percent better than last year's
1070 max-q it's a noticeable step up in
performance and for someone like me who
likes to play games at lower quality
settings just to maximize frame rates
I'm getting monster numbers on this
machine now there are other benefits to
the art Tex 20 series other than just
straight performance right there's
benefits like real-time ray tracing and
DL SS to bump up your frame rates but
those are features that I'll talk about
in a more comprehensive video where I'll
kind of compare the different r-tx
laptop GPUs but the frame rates on this
machine are so high that they're
actually pushing the limits of this
screen it's a 17 inch panel fantastic
screen for gaming 144 Hertz 3
millisecond response time it's super
fast but it's a 1080p panel now I'm
someone who prefers gaming at 1080p
resolution and I think a lot of people
are out there are in the same boat they
just prefer that lower resolution but
higher refresh rate just so games move
super quickly and just that's how people
like to play games the thing is on an RT
X xx 80 max Q GPU it can support higher
resolution gaming and it's not that this
is a bad screen it's a wonderful screen
for gaming but if this was a higher
resolution screen like a 1440p or even a
4k panel and it's still super high
refresh this would be able to showcase
the 2080 a little bit better and this
panel does not support g-sync
which is honestly a good thing I feel
like on laptops especially in this day
and age g-sync isn't my cup of tea like
it's just using more power it's gonna
make the device cost more so no g-sync
but I'm fine with that
okay thermally the Arctic 2080 max-q
seems well handled by the GS 75 there's
no throttling in 3dmark benchmarks or
stress tests and I think this is where
the RTX 20 series shines so last year
when he took any of the kind of normal
chassis fin and light gaming laptops so
aro 15m aside GS 65 the razor blade all
of the kind of normal-looking thin and
light laptops we're running a 1070 max Q
at the highest configuration that was
the limit anything more powerful than
that the chassis would get too hot there
were 1080 max Q devices but you need
specialized chassis for that like the
Triton and the zephyrus where the
companies would shift the keyboard down
to maximize airflow through the
components the RT X xx series is more
energy efficient and you're able to cool
even a twenty eighty max Q in a regular
looking chassis so it makes it difficult
to compare the 10 series and the 20
series laptops laterally because of that
ability to go higher in configuration
now in terms of pricing obviously with
higher configurations the pricing is
going to go up I do not know the price
of this particular unit yet I'll link in
the video description just the most
accurate pricing but at the time of
filming I do not know the price of this
device but it does look good the build
quality is better than the previous
generation so they're claiming it's
using aluminum that's 60% thicker than
the previous models I wouldn't say that
it feels like super beefy or anything it
feels well built but there is some flex
to the chassis still it does feel better
built than the GS 65 especially on this
grill here they've reinforced it or
something so it's not as flexible and
the product feels solid for a 17-inch
device the gold accents on this thing
they're mostly metal so on the edges
it's got this chamfered gold trim and
same with the exhaust grill there's like
a metal colored gold but the hinge here
gets like a plastic hinge cap or like a
hinged cover they've matched the color
pretty well so like the gold plastic is
a very similar tone to the gold metal
trim which is something that MSI has
screwed up in the past like they used to
have these white laptops that were
different shades of white depending on
the part it was on so that's a nice
touch okay the ports on this device so
they have three USB a s to use pcs one
of them supporting Thunderbolt three
there's an Ethernet jack micro SD and a
pair of audio jacks the AC adapter comes
out
side again not like in the back like I'd
prefer but at least on the left side
this time instead of the right if you
want to it's pretty easy to get into
this device it's just a few screws and
compared to last year's Jesus 65 I mean
that thing was an absolute nightmare to
open this is pretty easy you have access
to two nvm ease and your Wi-Fi card
there's actually a third nvme slot it's
empty we have access to it if you want
you also have access to your battery if
you ever need to replace it it's an 80
watt hour battery they're claiming eight
hours I didn't get anywhere near that I
got four hours with a screen at 250 nits
and that's what the screen at 60 Hertz
this is on our device that you can go
around without an adapter
unfortunately speakers are also down
here they're not great sounding I really
wish MSI wouldn't prove the speakers on
this the positioning is poured there on
the bottom and the drivers themselves
are kind of underwhelming
the fans are located up top there's
three of them they are very quiet on
idle and pretty quiet even on load at
the default fan settings but if you want
to crank it for performance they spin up
pretty loud the keyboard is pretty good
but I feel like MSI doesn't change their
keyboards very often it's spacious it
has a number pad the windows key is
moved out of the way so you don't hit it
while you're gaming but if you use it
frequently for shortcuts and stuff
you'll have to get used to the new
position the trackpad is updated it's
got a glass surface which is something
MSI it normally doesn't use it's
actually a really nice texture on the
glass but it is a pretty big trackpad
for a gaming laptop software on this
thing it's got dragon center for fan
control and some performance monitoring
it also has SteelSeries lighting for the
keyboard so overall Jess 75 feels like a
really solid device for someone looking
for that 17-inch finem like gaming
laptop Archie X 20 series is a beast
like yeah it's really weird that they're
able to get that kind of performance in
a device that's like not even nineteen
millimeters thick it's crazy like if you
think about it this is like what the
arch X 2080
like a desktop card this is they're
putting one of these in here Lee this is
you know what this is not even that much
lighter than this that's crazy that's
just crazy all right our text 20 series
laptops they're gonna be a bunch of
these videos coming on this channel over
the next couple of weeks and ok thumbs
if you like this video subs if you loved
it see you guys next time